Privacy Policy

Effective2023-08-04

This Privacy Policy only applies to Trackgree or relevant services offered by Guangzhou Togree Information Technology Co., Ltd (from now on referred to as "we" or "us"). You are welcome to use the location services provided by this application. We work hard to protect your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to all scenarios where you use the services provided by this application.
This application mainly provides location services and voice services video services. And picture services.If you do not agree to or do not understand any part of this
Privacy Policy, you must not proceed to use this application. By continuing to use this application, you have fully understood and agreed to all of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following content:
1. What information we collect
2. How we use cookies and other technologies
3. Storage of information
4. Information security
5. How we use your information
6. Sharing your information
7. Your rights
8. Protection of minors
9. Changes to this policy10.Contact information
The details of this Privacy Policy are as follows:
1. What information we collect
To provide better services to you, we may collect information provided by you or generated during your use of our services in the following ways:
1.1 When you create an account with your email address, you provide us with your email address and mobile number. We know that email addresses and
mobile numbers are sensitive information: we collect such data to comply with the Internet real-name system stipulated in relevant laws and regulations. Provide such information to ensure you are allowed access to the application and its appropriate functions.
1.2 When you use this application, ensure the regular use of all our services by relevant laws and regulations. and to better our services and secure your account, we may collect the following data: device model, operating system, browser name and version, unique device identifier, login IP address, application version number, network access mode, type, and status, and crash log
information of the application Such information is essential for providing services.
1.3 Requesting network data and remote version updates is the primary function of this application. To this end, we may need permission to access your device
status and external storage. We will apply for these two permissions for the first time you use our services. The application cannot provide benefits if you decline to grant such permissions. If you wish to continue to use these services after the decline, you can go to the system permissions management module and re-grant the read and write permissions on the mobile status and external storage.
1.4 When we consent, we may acquire your precise location information (GPS information) to offer you location services. Such information
belongs to sensitive information. You cannot view your current location by declining to provide such information, but you can still use other functions.
1.5 When you use picture recording. Or video services, we may collect these pictures, recordings, and video content, as collecting such information is essential for the primary benefits of the device. This information is stored on a cloud server; you are entitled to request to delete it.
1.6 When you use the location services, we may use the location function of Baidu, Open Street Map, HereGoole, Mapbox, or ArcGIS map as the location services is an essential function of this application. The location information returned by these maps and collected by us will be timely displayed on the application; we shall not use it for any other purpose.
1.7 To help us better understand the operation status of our application, we may call up the third-party service Google Analysis to record relevant information. We shall
not combine the information in the analysis software with any personal information
provided by you in our application.
1.8 When you use the push function of the platform, we may use third-party push services (such as JPush and Amazon) to provide you with such push services so you can receive device alarm notifications.
1.9 When you use the share function, the system may complete the sharing via the third-party sharing tool you selected, which makes sharing trips with your friends more convenient.
You understand that the functions and services we offer are constantly updating and evolving. If a part or service not specified in the description above
collects your personal information, we will use webpage tips and interactive procedures. Website bulletins. or other methods to notify you of the information scope and purpose of such a collection.

2. How we use cookies and other technologies
A cookie is a mechanism that supports a server (or script) to store information to
and retrieve data on a client. When you use some functions, we may send one or multiple cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. When you interact with these functions. We allow the sending of cookies or anonymous identifiers to the server. A cookie typically contains some randomly generated characters. By using cookie technology, this application can understand your behavior of use or help you know the security status of your account. Cookies can also allow us to do traffic statistics and analyze the page design's effectiveness.
We will not use cookies for purposes other than this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences.
3. Storage of information
We strictly abide by laws and regulations and the agreement with users and use the information we collect for the following purposes. If we use your personal
data for purposes other than those stated below, we will explain to you again and ask for your consent.
The personal information this application collects is encrypted and transmitted over the internet and stored on our system server. The security level of our equipment room management, server management, network management, and this application is relatively high. We retain your information only for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and for the period stipulated by laws, regulations, and supervision. We will not share the above information with any third party or use them for any purposes other than stated unless you choose to or under the requirements of relevant laws and regulations.
3.1 Information storage location
Following laws and regulations and based on actual
requirements, we may store the personal information we collect on our cloud server.
3.2 Information retention period
Generally, we may retain your personal information only for the period necessary for the purposes stated.
When our product or services stops operating, we shall notify you via push notification or bulletin or, in any other way, delete or anonymize your personal
information within a reasonable period and stops collecting your data immediately.
4. Information security
We guarantee the security of our user's personal information to prevent the data from being lost, used illegally, or accessed or disclosed without authorization.
We will use all security precautions at a reasonable level to protect your personal information. For example, we may use encryption technologies (such as SSL) to protect your personal information.
We will enhance the security capability of our software installed on your device by constantly improving the technologies to prevent the disclosure of your personal information. For example, we may encrypt part of the information locally for secure transmission.
We have established a dedicated management system procedure and
organization to guarantee information security. For example, we strictly control the persons allowed to access the information, and these persons must observe confidentiality obligations.
Suppose any security incident, such as personal information disclosure, occurs. In that case, we will take the contingency plan to stop the incident from expanding and notify you via a push notification, bulletin, or any other way.
5. How we use your personal information
To ensure the security of the services and help us better understand our application's operation status, we may record relevant information such as the frequency you use an application crash data, overall use statistics performance data, and the source of the application. We will not combine the information in the analysis software with any personal information provided by you in our application.
If we use your personal information for purposes other than stated or outside the direct or reasonable associated scope, we will ask for your explicit consent before use.
6. Sharing your information
We will not disclose any personal information we collect. If, under any circumstance, we have to disclose such information, we will notify you of the
purpose of this disclosure, the type of information to be revealed, and the sensitive information that may involve, and ask for your explicit consent.
In addition, following relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may disclose your information without your prior consent in the following circumstances:
1) Relate directly to national security or national defense;
2) Relate directly to public safety public health or significant public interest;
3) Relate directly to crime investigation, lawsuits, judgment, etc.
4) to safeguard principal legitimate rights and interests such as the life or property of the subject of the personal information or another person while it is hard to have the consent of the person;
5) Personal information that the subject of the personal data voluntarily shares with the public;
6) Personal information collected from information disclosed legally, such as from news reports or information published by the government;
7) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
7. Your rights
During your use of this application, we offer you corresponding operation settings in our product design to ensure that you can access, modify, and delete your personal information conveniently and guarantee your rights to withdraw your consent to use your personal data and to log off your account.
To query, modify, or delete your personal information, go to Profile> Personal info.
8. Protection of minors
The protection of the personal information of minors is important to us. In
accordance with relevant laws and regulations, if you are under the age of 14, you must have the written consent of your parent or legal guardian before using this application. Suppose you are the legal guardian of a minor. In that case, when you have any questions about the personal information of the child you are guarding, you can contact us via the contact information in section 10.
9. Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When terms in this privacy
Regarding the policy change, we will present you the instructions after the shift with pop-ups when you log in or update your version. Please note that we will collect, use, and store your personal information per the new Privacy Policy only when you click on the I Agree button in the pop-up. You can view the Privacy Policy in Profile> Settings > About us.
10. Contact Information
If you have any suggestions on this application, don't hesitate to contact us via Profile> Feedback. We will review the feedback as soon as possible and reply to the feedback within fifteen (15) days after we have verified your identity.
We have established a dedicated personal data protection department (or a personal data protection specialist); you can contact the department (specialist)via.

Tel: +86-020-2202 6127
Email: info@togree.com
Contact address: 917, Building B3, 185 Haibin Road, Nansha District Guangzhou 510000 Guangdong China
Guangzhou Togree Information Technology Co., Ltd
